Supermarket Purchase Agreement

This Supermarket Purchase Agreement ("Agreement") sets forth the terms and conditions under which FOODLAND ("Supermarket") will sell products and merchandise to its customers ("Customer"). By making a purchase at the Supermarket, the Client accepts these terms and conditions:

Products and Prices
The Supermarket will sell products and merchandise at fair and competitive prices. All prices are final and no returns or exchanges are accepted. The Supermarket reserves the right to change the prices of products and merchandise without prior notice.

Payment Methods
The Supermarket accepts payments in cash, credit and debit cards. The Client must pay the total amount of the purchase at the time of the purchase.

Product delivery
The Supermarket will deliver the products and merchandise to the Customer at the time of purchase. The Customer is responsible for reviewing the status of the products and merchandise before leaving the establishment. The Supermarket is not responsible for damages or losses after delivery.

Discounts and promotions
The Supermarket may offer discounts and promotions on certain products and merchandise. These discounts and promotions are valid only at the time of purchase and cannot be combined with other offers or promotions.

Return policy
The Supermarket does not accept returns or exchanges of products and merchandise purchased by the Customer. In the event that the product is defective or damaged, the Customer must contact the Supermarket within 24 hours after the purchase to make a claim.

Limitation of Liability
The Supermarket is not responsible for damages or losses caused by the use of the products and merchandise purchased by the Client. In the event that the Client suffers any damage or loss due to the products and merchandise purchased in the Supermarket, the responsibility will be limited to the purchase price of the products and merchandise in question.

By making a purchase at the Supermarket, Customer acknowledges having read and understood this Supermarket Purchase Agreement and agrees to be bound by its terms and conditions.